Update upcoming-changes.md (#117455)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/upcoming-changes.md

| [Defender for Cloud plan and strategy for the Log Analytics agent deprecation](#defender-for-cloud-plan-and-strategy-for-the-log-analytics-agent-deprecation) |  | August 2024 |

## Deprecation of two DevOps security recommendations 

**Announcement date: November 30, 2023**

**Estimated date for change: January 2024** 

With the general availability of DevOps environment posture management, we're updating our approach to having recommendations displayed in the subassessment format. Previously, we had broad recommendations encompassing multiple findings. Now, we're shifting to individual recommendations for each specific finding. With this change, the two broad recommendations will be deprecated:

- `Azure DevOps Posture Management findings should be resolved`
- `GitHub Posture Management findings should be resolved`

This means instead of a singular recommendation for all discovered misconfigurations, we'll provide distinct recommendations for each issue, such as "Azure DevOps service connections should not grant access to all pipelines". This change aims to enhance clarity and visibility of specific issues. 

> The new recommendations can be found [here]recommendations-reference-devops.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [new recommendations](recommendations-reference-devops.md).
```
Fixing link and making link text more descriptive

> The new recommendations can be found [here](includes/defender-for-devops-recommendations.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new recommendations can be found [here]recommendations-reference-devops.md).
```
